---
title: "News 1274: Dol-Guldur FAQ."
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.274Z"
path: "/news/1274"
---

> Message 1274 : Mon Jul 21 (Ornendil)   :: Dol-Guldur FAQ.

1. LAYOUT: DG is divided into six areas which branch
off from the communal Great Halls and Kitchens: (1) Gatehouse and Stables
(2)Troll Warrens (3) Uruk and Orc Halls (4) Forge and Mines (5) Human
Halls and Upper Levels (6) Sewers.
2. GUILDMASTER>news next
Message 1289 : Mon Sep 22 (Ornendil)   :: South Mirkwood FAQ.

South Mirkwood FAQ
1. South Mirkwood is very dense and you will find riding through
some areas impossible. There are many dark and evil creatures with
few dietary preferences. As a rule if your little stick to the paths.
2. The further south you go the more mixed, with respect to strength
and power the inhabitants are. Orcs and Uruks also become more common.
3. Uruk and Orc bandits exist that are not friendly to other uruk
and orcs that venture from Dol-Guldur.
4. South Mirkwood is divided into three 'strips' each is dominated
by a central path.
(1) The western most strip consists of light forest and plains and
contains the woodsman settlement of Tawarost. The East Anduin Road
runs from north to south through the plains with a small chalken path
linking Tawarost to Osterin.
(2) The eastern portion contains the straightest and easiest to
travel pathway (Mor Erlond). This path connects with the SE portions
of Mirkwood and eventually arrives at the crossroads for the Dale,
Southern and Old Forest Roads. This portion of the path contains the
majority of the experience opportunities. However forces of good
should be vigilant as there are several encampments and structures
inhabited by orcs and the more powerful uruk-hai warriors.


(3) The central portion contains the most dense and difficult to
navigate terrain. Many areas cannot be ridden through. The Shaded
Warpath takes a very tortuous route through the area. In the centre
of the path dominating the area is the small fort of Osterin. Osterin
can be a painful barrier as it is sometimes difficult to pass through
or around, especially if inhabited by a hostile force. Nevertheless
it is possible to wade the river in order to get around the fortress.
It is best approached from the west or from the south.