---
title: "News 1334: Lhuth/Uruk-hai/Orc Interaction"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.334Z"
path: "/news/1334"
---

> Message 1334 : Tue Apr 20 (Felagund)   :: Lhuth/Uruk-hai/Orc Interaction

It seems that things have been "confused" of late. Let me clarify on what
is and is not appropriate behaviour between lhuths and darkies. Acceptable
Behaviour: When a member or members of the Free Peoples enters the PK Area, it
is acceptable for Lhuth and Hai/Orc to temporarily stop fighting to fight the
common and more hated enemy: the Whities. After the whitie is killed and/or
leaves, cooperation is no longer legal. Let me also clarify what cooperation
means: Cooperating simply means you have the -choice- not to attack and kill
eachother, but instead to focus on a common target. This does -not- include
grouping of any kind, any form of following, any equipment trading/exchange,
or the casting of favorable spells. Cooperation does include communication,
though not sitting in the same room and 'chatting it up'. Yells are
acceptable, since you do not know if the enemy is attempting to lie to you or
not. The following is entirely inappropriate behaviour: Grouping of any kind,
cooperation when no whities are present, conversation in the same room without
fighting, casting of helpful spells, dropping/giving/exchanging equipment of
any kind, assisting in the killing of a mob or completion of a quest. I hope
this clarifies the issue, and those found guilty of ignoring these rules will
be punished.
I will close with a line from HELP RACEWAR:
If you are to come accross a member of the opposite
race you have two choices: Kill or be Killed. There is no mercy.



-Felagund Finrod