---
title: "News 1482: Southern Anduin Crossing"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.482Z"
path: "/news/1482"
---

> Message 1482 : Tue Oct 17 (Ingolemo)   :: Southern Anduin Crossing

Due to the extensive trade that Vinyanost does with Maethelburg and Esgaroth,
Gondor has helped finance the upgrading of a path heading south of Vinyanost.
This path has now turned into a road suitable for trade and is assisting in
getting goods to and from quicker.  In return for assistance from hobbits in the
area who helped in the construction, Gondor has provided a great service to
them. A great bridge has been built spanning the Anduin River so that the
hobbits can easily cross the great river to get to the rich fields on the east
side. They farm those as best they can.  Since the threat from strange
creatures has been so high in recent times, the hobbits have also taken to
guarding the bridge for their own kind.  They also are quite favorable to those
on the trade route, since it gained them their bridge.

Many thanks are due to the immortals who worked hard on this including Azriya,
Ulwe, Kandi, Adunakhor, Maga, Vaitya, and many others who I have probably
forgotten.

Notes:
1) This is effective next reboot (morning of October 18th, 2006).
2) The map code for the Anduin will be updated shortly, so even if the map does
not show it, there is a crossing.
3) This is the first of a series of changes that will be occurring.  I am most


certain that there will be critiques in all respects.  Please voice them in the
appropriate thread in rotsmud or mudmail Ingolemo.