---
title: "News 1415: Changes"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.415Z"
path: "/news/1415"
---

> Message 1415 : Tue Aug  2 (Vakaur)     :: Changes

The creation system has received quite a face lift:
  * Certain annoying prompts that required fully typed "yes" or
    "no" answers have been changed to use the usual abbreviation
    system.
  * Many steps in the creation process have had their text re-
    vamped to be more helpful (especially to new players).  The
    'help <class>' entries have received rewritings; the 'help
    race'
Colour has also received some attention:
  * There is now a default colour set, which may be enabled during
    character creation or via the 'colour default' command.  The
    'help colour' entry has received an update.
  * A new colour field "enemy" has been enabled, following a
    lengthy cleanup of the colour code.  The color field will
    cause all players on the opposing sides of the race war to
    appear in the specified colour.  If you manage to find any
    places where a player's real name is leaked instead of his
    "starred" race type, please let us know ASAP.
  * RotS now supports "high" ANSI colours.  You can enable any of
    these colours using the "bright" keyword in addition to the
    colour you wish to make bright.  For example, new valid


    colours include: "bright white", "bright red", etc.  See the
    colour manual file for more detail.
Newbie kits are now available:
  * Newbie kits are now available--once per death--in the safe
    room where your race is reborn after death.  Note that the
    contents of a newbie kit depend on: the receiver's level, race
    and class.  Signs have been erected in these places detailing
    the use of the newbie kit system.
    Currently, newbie kits are only available to whities.  This
    will be changed as soon as possible.

vakaur