---
title: "News 1472: Additional Changes"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.472Z"
path: "/news/1472"
---

> Message 1472 : Sun May  7 (Ulwe)       :: Additional Changes

Some other recent changes:

The Kraken quest has been fixed. No longer will you be able to duplicate the
rewards (and simultaneously ruin the quest for the rest of the day) without
killing the Kraken properly. Feel free to idle in the chest room as long as
you please, but you will not be rewarded without killing the Kraken. :)

The Angmacar/Gulduin quest has been altered slightly, particularly the
portion involving the Summoner. Enjoy.

Ferocious wargs no longer give ridiculous xp. They still give rather nice
xp, just not the previous insane amount. My apologies to all of you who like
to spam level on them. :P


The Noldorin weapons have seen a slight depowering, but are once again
obtainable. It is rumored that there may be a way for the forces of the
Shadow to obtain weapons of similar power, albiet in a completely different
manner.

The dragon-toothed whip and quicksilver rapier have been altered. You will


need to trade in any current items if you wish to gain the benefits of the
update. Since they proved themselves so adept at handling the crescent axe
changes, I have assigned Karugh and Thrain to deal with the exchange
process.


The old green cloak has also been improved slightly. This is not a retro-
active change, and will apply only to new cloaks obtained.

Items butchered from the corpses of fell beasts are now a little less
painful to use.

The Uruk Assassin, lured by the generous purse of the Emmisary of Dol
Guldur, has abandoned Ungorod for the fortress captained by Karugh. The
Uruk Chieftan, furious at yet another desertion, has ordered his few
remaining forces to do a better job of patroling vital areas.

The plants of Arda that possess healing capabilities will now be slightly
more effective. The elvish rangers currently studying the strange tubor
have procured mounts to keep at the ready in the nearby stables.

Jaiden has not been seen in some time. It is not known whether his fate has

finally caught up with him, or if he has simply found a very good hiding
place. Either way, do not expect to encounter him for the time being.

Enjoy.