---
title: "News 1498: Disaster in the Anduin Vale"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.498Z"
path: "/news/1498"
---

> Message 1498 : Wed Feb  7 (Khronos)    :: Disaster in the Anduin Vale

'Five barrels of dwarven ale, two cases of elderberry wine, and a crate of
Longbottom leaf is that the lot?' offered Aoran, the young bartender from the
Sword and Shield.    'Well laddie, not quite, we managed to sneak you in two
barrels of good olde fashioned dragons breath whiskey! You know for the
celebrations!' replied a stout grinning Dwarf.   'Excellent news' replied
Aoran 'Ill go load all this stuff into the cellar, then I can go about
organising the food. Ive had to order in more from the local farmers, I dont
know who is worse, dwarves or hobbits for eating one out of house and home'.
'Nothing beats a celebration laddie, and this is going to be a goodin' replied
the grinning dwarf.  Laughing to himself Aoran began the task of moving the
large quantities of food and drink into the already crowded storage cellar of
the Sword and Shield. 'Tomorrow night will be a night to remember' he mused.
Taking one of the many oil lamps  scattered about the inns common room he made
his way slowly down into the dark cellar. The work was harder than usual he
had never seen the cellar as full in all the long years he had worked here,
but the occasion warranted it. A special envoy from Gondor (rumoured to be of
the royal line itself) was arriving tomorrow, and the Sword and Shield was
chosen to host an important meeting between Gondor and the Dwarven realm of
Erebor. These 'meetings' usually ended up becoming a rampant celebration of
the friendship enjoyed between the two kingdoms as such a copious amount of
ale and wine was brought for all to enjoy.   A shrill voice cut through the
air. 'Aoron, you had better not be delaying down there, we have work to do'.


Snapped out of his reverie, Aoron quickly made his way up the spiral staircase
into the cooks kitchen. Closing the cellar door tight behind him,  he ran to
answer his employers call. With a crooked half smile on his face, he chuckled
'This is going to be one of those days'.    Like all hard days work, it passed
with surprising speed. Day quickly fell into night, and before Aoron knew it
he was shutting up the Inn for the evening unaware that it would be for the
last time.  Below the trapdoor in the cooks kitchen, the usually pitch black
cellar was basking in a haunting orange hue, the type of glow that accompanies
fire. The oil lamp used earlier to illuminate the perpetual darkness was
uncovered and had burnt low. The wick had fragmented and its hot remains had
fallen on an open crate of Longbottom leaf. Quickly consuming the dried
tinder, the fire spread among the crates and barrels  until the entire cellar
was ablaze. In the corner of the cellar the two barrels of Dragons breath
whiskey, along with many crates of spirits began to burn.   At the western
gate to the city four Vinyanost guards were keeping vigil on what was a quite
night. Suddenly and without warning a thunderous concussion noise rent the
air.  Shards of rubble began to rain from the air. Shields! shouted the most
senior guard. Trumpets rang out throughout the night air, as guards and
citizens alike were roused from their sleep coming out of their homes all
looked on in horror, as the explosion that had roused them had rained down
burning rubble upon a portion of the city.  A company of royal Gondorian
household guards roused from their sleep by a deep thud, looked northward over

the grassy Anduin plain. Several miles lay between them and its source but the
glowing red sky told them all they needed to know.   'Make ready! fast march,
fall into formation, we ride this hour'. 'Keep your eyes sharp and swords
ready!' shouted the commanding officer. Riding along side his superior a young
knight spoke 'Sir, is it an attack?'.  'Im not sure Irildean, either way
Vinyanost burns.' With that the company broke camp hastily and rode with all
speed northwards.   The frigid predawn cold brought with it fog from the great
river, helping the effort to douse the fire that consumed the city overnight.
At midday the company of Gondorian knights entered what remained of the city
of Vinyanost, now smouldering in a cold drizzle. The streets were covered in a
black soot the people black faced were cold and huddling in groups trying to
keep warm.  'Lieutenant' bellowed the captain of the Gondorian forces.  'Sir'
replied a tall blond man.  Inhaling deeply the captain spoke 'Make camp, set
up a tent for the injured. Get every able bodied man and woman to search the
rubble for survivors. Send riders north for help. Organise hunting and logging
details, and set up a fortified perimeter around the old barracks. These
people need food, shelter and fire. Go.'   'Sir' replied the young lieutenant.
Scratching his head the captain grimaced. 'One more thing Lieutenant, send out
scouts east of the Anduin, I want to know if something is coming before it
arrives. That fire last night could have been seen for miles around.'  Nodding
to himself the young lieutenant barked one final 'Sir' and was off.   Turning
to survey the full extent of the damage done, the captain uttered one final

word. 'Damm'.
-----------
For the full non rots formatting botched version, see rotsmud.org.
OOC Vinyanost has been destroyed, a small makeshift camp has been put in place
until its been completely redeveloped.
Many thanks go to Azriya, Ramus, Elagor, Salia, Kandi and myself. Watch this
space for more to come.