---
title: "News 1453: Fly, You Fools!"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.453Z"
path: "/news/1453"
---

> Message 1453 : Wed Jan 25 (Elagor)     :: Fly, You Fools!

A solemn monk sits at a grand desk, writing vigorously.  Ink splatters
across the pages, sweat drips from his  long, curved nose, and the scratching
of the pen echoes through the room.  The silence is broken.  The door  flies
open and a new stranger enters, "Dmitriy, we've located him," the stranger
blurts upon entering.  Dmitriy hears a small squeak coming from behidn the
stranger, it is a small woman cloaked in simple garments.  Dmitriy rises
slowly from his seat and approaches the woman, embracing her softly.  He looks
upon her face, stained  from tears, and she buries her face into his chest,
weeping loudly.  The stranger grabs Dmitriy's shoulder with a firm grasp
ripping his attention away from the anguished woman, and back into reality.
The stranger speaks, "We followed him, he was moving south toward the
fortresswith his disgusting doorkeeper following closely behind."  Dmitriy
breaks his silence, "What stopped him Khusid?" spoke Dmitriy with a hollow,
hoarse voice.  "He was attacked by a great number of goblins, and they were
able to barricade him into a small cave.  The goblin leader holds the key.  On
the other hand, there are other ways into the caves that I do believe those
foul creatures know exist," Khusid says rapidly in a nasally, high-pittched
tone.  A blood-cruddling scream pierces the two men's eardrums.  The woman has
now collapsed to the floor and yells at the two monks, "How!?!  How did they
make my love into THAT creature."  Dmitriy glances over to the parchment that
he was writing on when they entered.  The long nosed monk sits calmly on the
floor next to the tortured woman.  "I will tell you all what I know for sure.


It is the work of the Shadow.  He was not the first,  there is another like
him.  They call the creature Bazarat.    He was an old experient of Sauron,
who thought he could make  werewolves like Melkor did. Sauron was mistaken
because he could not control the beast.  Bazarat soon escaped on the back of
another creature, the fell beast.  They both now roam the lands of our people
freely.  Someone decided to  try this sick experiment once again however, this
time they tried to use a human source.  Someone from the Shadow found your
dear husband near death in Bazarat's lair. They took him to Dol Guldur, there
they did things none of us wish to utter."  At the thought, Dmitriy's face
turned into a grimace and he let out a shudder before continuing. "We know
that he still holds on to a small amount of control of his once brillant mind.
On the other hand, we do know why he wishes to return to Dol Guldur.  Does he
wish to take his revenge on whomever made him into that thing, or is he
answering some call?  Either way, dear sister, we will find him.  We will help
him.  I promise you that you will have your husband back."  With that Dmitriy
gave a reassuring smile to his sister.  She managed to return a faint smile
back to him as she stared into his eyes.  She knew deep inside that she would
never again see her husband's beautiful face or have his strong hands hold
hers in his.  She knew that her husband was forever gone, and what remained in
his place was a beast called Lunaron.