---
title: "News 1539: Earthquake in Southern Mirkwood"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.539Z"
path: "/news/1539"
---

> Message 1539 : Sat Oct  6 (Blent)      :: Earthquake in Southern Mirkwood

News has begun filtering in of a tremendous upheaval of the ground in the
south of Mirkwood. The early reports have been scattered, and relatively
vague; they tell of the ground moving, shaking, even opening in places to
reveal great chasms and caves. As the reports continue to come in, they
become much more grim; they tell of aftershocks, small tremors, of friend
and foe alike buried in collapses while exploring what appears to be an
enormous underground cave system.

(OOC: A large underground cave system is now accessible beneath southern
Mirkwood. It has numerous connection points to the zones above. This area
is dangerous, both the environment and the mobiles, so those exploring it
should be cautious. There are a number of new quests connected with this
zone, for all sides of the war, and one is very long and has multiple possible
endings. There are things to interest every race. And one final comment: even
if you explore the entire area your first visit, it is very unlikely that you
will have seen or found all that there is to see and find.

P>news next
Message 1541 : Sat Oct  6 (Blent)      :: Miscellaneous Changes

- Disturbed by the recent earthquake, the black huorn has become less tree-
  like and more active.

- The dwarven armorer in Erebor has had two notable events in his life
  recently, one more serious than the other. As a result, his focus may have
  changed slightly. Talk to him for details.

- The etched leather girdle has changed. No trade-ins will be necessary. The
  old form of this item has been slightly tweaked, renamed and re-introduced
  into the game in another location.

- The noble elf prisoner in Dol-Guldur has changed slightly.

- Skinner the half-orc furrier has become slightly less prone to violent
  outbursts towards the forces of the Shadow, due to his increased dealings
  with these races.

- Arwen has changed. She will still accept some evil items, but the rewards
  will be different. Look to trade in other evil items elsewhere, usually at
  mobs that would be a logical choice, in some cases in the same place(s) that
  previously accepted them. The rewards here will be different, too. Some


  have vastly improved, others may not have.

- Conrad the merchant has finished setting up shop north of rebuilt Vinyanost.
  He is known to be particularly interested in the trading of magical items, and
  has quite a stock of his own to be used for this purpose; however, he will
  trade in money instead of items from time to time, depending on his current
  stock and what he is offered.

- The werewolf Bazarat has grown more confident in his possession of the
  ravaged town where he has settled. As a result, those pestering him may
  find him more eager than before to leave his lair.

- The huorns in southeastern Mirkwood will now come to the aid of their
  fellow trees, as was originally intended.

- The red silk cloak has changed slightly, for the better. Trade any old
  versions of this item in at the mob where the item is obtained.

Send any complaints, concerns, or bug reports to Blent via game-mail, or
e-mail the staff account at:

rots.staff (at) gmail.com


Thanks!

P>news next
Message 1545 : Fri Nov  2 (Azriya)     :: War in the East
   All was quiet in Vinyanost that day.  A sudden series of knocks came at the
heavy gate of the fortress.  The gatekeeper saw a tall grey haired man,
clothed in green, and recognized him as a ranger from Mirkwood.  When Vincent
entered the fortress, he asked to be taken directly to Logan.  Upon meeting
with the captain, he related a tale of violence and magic.  "The evil races of
Mirkwood are warring again.  I  was out hunting deer near my tent when I heard
a large party approaching on the road.  I hid in the undergrowth and was very
surprised to see a war party of dreaded Uruk-Lhuth thunder past me on the Old
Forest Road.  Magus himself was in the lead, followed by no less than 50 of
those evil magic orcs. After they passed, I tracked them  a ways, seeing the
tracks turn north, into the mountains.  Silently I followed  the tracks to
Ungorod!  From a hidden peak I watched a mighty battle ensue,  as the old
enemies Magus and the Chieftain led their forces against each other.   Many of
the Uruk-Hai fled like cowards, running south into the forest while   Magus
was busy relishing his victory.  The mountain fortress of Ungorod now  is held
by the Lhuth."  Logan frowned, and replied "That may well be to our advantage.
Mayhap the road is safer with those foul Lhuth further from it. Only time will
tell."

OOC:  Many changes have been made in the east.  There are new quests for
the all races.  Please report anything strange to immortals.  If none are
online please mudmail me.



Also, flails have undergone some tweaks.  No tradeins should be needed.

In addition, there is a new smob in the south of Mirkwood.

Credits:
Turamarth - Design, building, testing
Lowtax - Design, building, scripting, testing
Adunakhor - Building, testing
Rathmanken - building
Ingolemo - coding, scripting
Azriya - generally being a nuisance