---
title: "News 1547: The Crest of the Dead Moon"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.547Z"
path: "/news/1547"
---

> Message 1547 : Sat Nov  3 (Azriya)     :: The Crest of the Dead Moon

It had been several weeks since the scouts' reports, and now a series of
great  tremors had shook the town from the south. The Chieftain was worried,
as whatever this  man was doing would undoubtedly affect Tarawost. The man,
mentioned in the reports  must have done something ... something terrible.
Yet, it was not unexpected, as the reports  told of a crest of the moon,
blended with the face of the skull, and also undead abominations.   A woodsman
now entered the room. "Sir," he said, "a man bearing the crest of Gondor has
answered your summons." know what to do, hopefully. "Bring him in, quickly!"
The man entered, a broad man, with long black hair. He presented himself  with
an air of experience.  "Thank you for coming, I have a pressing matter, and it
may be of great importance for Gondor's battles with the Shadow."  The
Gondorian nodded and said, "Explain."   Well, A man was seen, bearing a crest
of a moon combined with the face of a skull, and ...  "I have heard enough,"
the Gondorian said, seeming confused now. "I can't be sure, but this man and
those with him must have escaped at the end of the Third Age. I do not have
the manpower to deal with this now, but I will give a notice to alert Heroes
of the need ... perhaps some will come ... " Confused, the Chieftain quickly
asked "from whence do they come?" As the ranger left, he softly spoke one
word, "Morgul."

OOC:  A nwe area has been opened, with a variety of new things
to kill and items to obtain.  Be cautious, heroes of Arda.



Turamarth