---
title: "News 1528: Vinyanost Construction Completed"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.528Z"
path: "/news/1528"
---

> Message 1528 : Sun Jul 15 (Blent)      :: Vinyanost Construction Completed

News has begun to filter through the lands that the great city
of Vinyanost has been completely rebuilt after the fire that razed
it to the ground. Teams of Gondorian stonewrights spent nearly a
year clearing the rubble and frames of buildings to establish solid
foundations for most of the buildings in the city, the most notable
of which is a great fortress that houses the city government and
serves as the sole access point to the Northern Road. Help has
come from all over the lands to finish the great effort, most notably
including the gift of magical street-lamps all the way from Thranduil
in his Elvish halls in the East.

Streams of displaced citizens have returned to the city, crowding
the streets and instantly turning Vinyanost once more into a bustling
crossroads. New shop-keepers have set up business, and many
old ones have returned to once more contribute to the city's economy.

(OOC: Vinyanost has been rebuilt. The city is now geared heavily
towards new players, with quests, signs, and information to help them
on their way. More of these will be forthcoming. The lands immediately
around Vinyanost have also changed slightly; most notably, it is no
longer possible to travel north of the city without going through a


heavily-fortified area within the city itself. Correspondingly, the Dark Ranger
that used to lurk near Maethelburg has crossed the Anduin and remains
accessible to all. Please report any oddities.)

Credits:

Building: Azriya, Elagor, Blent, Adunakhor, Turamarth, Zeb, Rathmanken,
          Kale, Hrivion, Majere, Horace
Proofing: Elagor, Blent, Valesse
Scripts: Azriya, Ingolemo, Elagor, Blent

P>news next
Message 1530 : Wed Jul 18 (Blent)      :: Miscellaneous Changes

- Forest trolls now have slightly nicer descriptions.
- Forest trolls have had their money load reduced.

- Skinner the half-orc Furrier works slightly differently. Consider this a taste
  of a major update lurking in the shadows.

- Campfires will now load lit.

- No more trees should loot corpses. Please report any other mobs that need to
  be similarly changed.

- The dark runed visor has had one of its keywords changed to bring it into line
  with the other dark runed pieces.

- Various mobs have had their names un-capitalized, where appropriate.

- Arwen will no longer make one of her exchanges. Expect to see this return in a slightly
  different form, in another place, in the near future.

Send any complaints, suggestions, or errors to Blent.