---
title: "News 1552: Lunaron and Bazarat"
date: "2017-10-09T00:00:01.552Z"
path: "/news/1552"
---

> Message 1552 : Sat Dec 15 (Blent)      :: Lunaron and Bazarat

Long had Lunaron remained in his prison, blockaded in by the weak
goblin tribe that was unfortunate enough to play host. Long had he
sought for escape, throwing himself against the barricade, the walls,
and the ground until his bones cracked and his head rang. This
evening, however, was different.

The goblin leader was used to hearing the growls, crashing sounds, and
howling coming from behind the barricade. He was used to the periods of
quiet when the great beast wore itself out and collapsed unconscious
for long periods of time. What he wasn't used to was the piercing,
drawn-out scream that echoed through his caves, waking his tribe and
sending fear through his ranks.

His menial servant dead, throat ripped out, Lunaron started throwing
himself against the rock slab covering the ground in his prison,
unceasing in his rage. Suddenly it gave way, and Lunaron found himself
thrown down into a small tunnel beneath the caves of the goblin tribe.
Thoughts of freedom suddenly wiped all thoughts of revenge against his
now-former host out of his mind, and Lunaron bounded through the
tunnel, seeking an exit.



Bazarat lay curled in his room in the tower, out of his mind as the
lycanthropy ravaged his once-human body. Faint screams and cries for
mercy rung endlessly in his ears, perhaps nothing more than the echoes
from the carnage he wrought on the poor villagers. Suddenly, a louder,
deeper scream echoed through the room, followed by a terrific crashing
sound. Bazarat sprung to his feet, looking wildly about.

The gatekeeper dead, Lunaron threw his bulk against the gate until it
collapsed inwards. He made his way directly towards the tower in the
southeastern corner of the village, drawn by something meaningful
yet inexplicable.

As Bazarat stood looking around his small chamber, the trapdoor in the
floor suddenly burst open and a mass of fur, claws, and unyielding
muscle sprang through. Before he could react, he was fighting for his
life against a beast just like himself, yet far larger.

The fell beast lay sleeping in its prison, used to long periods of
inactivity and quiet between feedings. It was a rude, yet not entirely
unwelcome awakening, then, when the boulder was suddenly thrown aside
and his master crashed into the room, bleeding heavily.


Faced now with a fell beast in addition to the other werewolf, Lunaron
found himself on the losing end of the battle. He began to retreat
towards the gate leading out of the village, and it was here that he
took the worst beating, barely managing to flee into the surrounding
forest, bleeding heavily.

The intruder gone from his village, his pet back in its chamber,
Bazarat began to prowl the streets, weakened yet victorious.

Finding an opening at the bottom of the sinkhole, Lunaron dragged
himself through, and continued only a short way before falling down a
shaft, where he lay unconscious for quite some time.

(OOC: Bazarat has changed slightly, and has slightly weakened. Lunaron
has weakened significantly, and moved. To maintain balance, Lunaron (and
Bazarat) have gained an interesting new ability that may make them hard
to solo. Moreover, certain features in Lunaron's new area may make it
dangerous for a super mob group should a PK group find them.

Bazarat and his pet the fell beast will interact slightly differently
now.


Bazarat's werewolf fur has improved very subtly. No trade-ins will be
necessary.

A few rooms in the underground cave system near the new Uruk mage tower
have changed. You have been warned.

A few shop inventories, for both sides of the war, have changed slightly;
this is related to Lunaron's move.

P>news next
Message 1553 : Mon Jan 28 (Azriya)     :: Assorted fixes, changes, and updates

A number of things have been tweaked recently.  Following is a list.

- Added "rank" command.  Shows your rank and 3 people above and
below you.
- Fame war has been redone.
- Fame all now lists all kills within past 24 hours instead of
just since last reboot.
- Swim skill has been redone.  The skill is slightly cheaper
to learn, and those with 0% swim can no longer enter water rooms.
- Autodelete no longer affects L20 characters.  Still works as
before on less than L20.
- Containers are no longer subject to decay upon death.

More to come shortly.  Thanks to Vakaur and Ingolemo for this work.

Comments, questions, complaints, mudmail me.
Azriya